[SCHEMA] The MetricExporter schema is unsafe (#110)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-configuration: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Adding initial instrumentation configuration schema

> * [SCHEMA] The MetricExporter schema is unsafe [#110](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-configuration/pull/110)

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
* Split MetricExporter into PullMetricExporter and PushMetricExporter and ensure only PushMetricExporters can be associated with PeriodicMetricReader [#110](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-configuration/pull/110)
```
